# Jiang Qixiong - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview

easyLog helps home-based business owners better manage their item inventory and orders through a carefully optimized
Command Line Interface(CLI). easyLog can manage logistics related matters faster than using just pen and paper.

## Summary of Contributions

The following are different sections to my contributions.

### Features implemented

The features that I have implemented are the following:

1. Items delete feature.
2. Items find feature.
3. Orders find feature.

### Code contributed

RepoSenes code contribution:
[Link to RepoSense](https://nus-cs2113-ay2021s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=951553394&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2021-03-05&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=951553394&tabRepo=AY2021S2-CS2113T-T09-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code)


### Enhancements implemented

The enhancements that I have implemented are the following:

1. Updated Ui and exceptions for features.
2. Improved jUnitTest, to minimise the chance of bug.
3. Written the headers comments for the entire EasyLog.

### Contributions to user guide

I contributed to the following sections in the user guide:

1. Section 2.2.4. (Items delete feature)

### Contributions to developer guide

I contributed to the following sections in the developer guide:

1. Section 3.7. (Orders Delete implementation)
2. Section 5.1. (Types of tests)
3. Section 5.2. (Running Tests)
5. Appendix E (Instructions for Manual Testing)

### Contributions to team-based tasks

I contributed to the following team-based tasks in the project:

1. Setting up tools e.g., GitHub, Gradle.
2. Maintaining the issue tracker e.g. adding the necessary tags.
3. Updating user/developer docs that are not specific to a feature.

### Review/mentoring contributions

1. Helped group members when they are unsure about task flow in the early stage. 
   Tried to answer some questions that they may have.
